# 0.3.0-alpha1

> ## ⚠️ BACK UP YOUR WORLD BEFORE UPDATING ⚠️
>
> This system has signficant changes between each alpha and beta release, so make sure to update your world before applying any new versions.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Update Notes

- **Removed support for Foundry 0.7.x**. Now that Foundry 0.8.x is stable, this version removes the fallbacks for Foundry 0.7.9 to simplify development.
- **Added support for advantage and disadvantage on roll formulas**. This also includes support for non-standard roll formulas, in which case it will find the first group of dice (such as `2d8`), increase their count by 1, and then add a `kl{n}` or `kh{n}` onto the end, where `{n}` is the count - 1.
- **Collapsible move/equipment groups**. Added click event to make move groups collapsible.
- **Conditions**. Added a new property to `ListMany` attribute types to let them function as conditions. To set a ListMany attribute as a condition group, add the `condition = true` property to it. If any conditions are active on the character sheet, any moves/rolls triggered from the sheet will cause a prompt with the available conditions to appear.
- **Improved chat output**. Chat cards for moves will now include the stat name at the top of the chat card, and any conditions/ongoing/forward/adv/dis info at the bottom of the chat card under a new "Conditions" heading.

## Bug Fixes

- Improved forward and ongoing to not output modifiers that are a 0.
- Added logic to handle diffing changes for conditions on the sheetConfig settings page. In the new version, changing the `condition` property on the ListMany type will trigger an update confirmation, and changing the options will also trigger an update confirmation (and will attempt to preserve the values on the actor)
- Fixed several issues in the roller related to conditions and roll mods

## Example of a condition attribute:

Here's a full example of an attribute on a character actor that can be used as a condition:

```toml
[character]
  [character.attributesLeft]
    [character.attributesLeft.conditions]
      type = "ListMany"
      label = "Conditions"
      description = "Choose all that apply:"
      condition = true
      options = [
        "Afraid (-2 to engage)",
        "Angry (-2 to comfort)",
        "Guilty (-2 to provoke)",
        "Hopeless (-2 to unleash)",
        "Insecure (-2 to defend)"
      ]
```