# 0.5.0

> ## ⚠️ BACK UP YOUR WORLD BEFORE UPDATING ⚠️
>
> Due to how the system's sheet configuration feature works, there's always a risk of data loss when updating the system. Always backup your world before updating!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Download

Manifest: https://asacolips-artifacts.s3.amazonaws.com/pbta/0.5.0/system.json

## Features

### ListMany Improvements

The ListMany field has been improved to have two major new features:

- **Multiple Checkboxes** - The checkbox feature for each option on a ListMany attribute now supports multiple checkboxes. To add additional checkboxes, add `|n` onto the end of the option, such as `Some Option|3`.
- **Custom Options** - ListMany options can now use custom labels. To use a custom text field as a label, nest a Text attribute in the option, using `[Text]` as the option name. This can also be combined with the multiple checkboxes feature, such as `[Text]|2` for a custom label with 2 checkboxes.

### Update Quantity and Uses remaining from character sheet

The `quantity` and `uses` properties on moves and equipment now display on the character sheet (uses need to be enabled in the system's settings) and left-clicking them will increase their amount by 1. Right clicking will decrease the amount by 1.

### Add option to hide roll formula, forward, ongoing, and roll mode

The section of the character sheet above moves now has several new settings to hide all or part of it. There are four new settings to hide any of the following sections:

- Roll formula
- Forward
- Ongoing
- Roll mode override (advantage, disadvantage, normal)

### Better TOML error handling

The system's TOML editor has been updated to report syntax errors using Foundry's notifications UI. This should help out with small syntax errors like missing commas or brackets.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed a bug where links to items in move/equipment summaries would not display correctly.
- Fixed a bug with displaying a ListMany field with a single attribute.
